Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
I told the Lord, "What
direction do you want me to go on this
one?"because
I have some things
on my heart that He's been talking to me
about. You know, I do so many videos,
y'all. So I said, "I'm
just going to be real about things that
are going on in my life, what I'm
praying over, and what He's showing
me."Some
things I just kind of keep to
myself, but I thought this was kind of
cool what He was talking to me
about. He said, "I want you to go back
and look at when the eclipse took
place."Many
people, He said, dropped it; they didn't
think
it was very
serious. There were a lot of prophetic
words that went forth about the solar
eclipse. The American eclipse
is the one I'm referring
to—the
American eclipse that took place
on April 8th. It was
a
major thing, and many
prophetic voices were speaking about it,
and they all thought something
was going to happen on April 8th of
last year. Many people did, and I
told you all—people said, "Brandon, what
did you feel about it?"I told everybody,
if you go back and look at my
videos,
I was very blunt about it:
nothing
is
going to happen on
April 8th. That's what the Lord said to me. I thought, "Man, I know I've
heard the Lord that nothing is going to happen on April 8th."Well, we
went to the temple. I showed
you all and I filmed, and I told you all
this is where they're going to have the
meetings on Friday and all the
things. I stood out there, Braden
filmed it, and Diana was in the
car. It was a really
spooky feeling because it was at the
place that I know people will
worship the Antichrist in the days
ahead. If you haven't watched my video
about the Tribulation, you really should.
It's one of my favorite visitations from
the Lord, going out of my body and seeing
the
Tribulation in the future.
So, the eclipse took place and it went
right over, and everybody said it was a
Jonah experience and Nineveh,
all the things—it's coming in on
Nineveh. There were so many prophetic
words around it. I'm going
somewhere with this: we're stepping into
a full year since the eclipse on the 8th of
April, which is
next
Tuesday. So we have the full year, and
all those prophetic words—none of that
stuff seemed to manifest. But
I've warned you all. When you're looking
into the spirit, you see a
depth
perception. There is a depth perception.
So, a lot of people go, "Oh,
that was a big nothing burger.
Nothing happened off of
the
eclipse that came through Texas and went
up the way it did, and the one that went
through Oregon and all that, and it made
a cross over Little Egypt and all
that."Oh,
the body of Christ is just so
into it. You know the signs, no signs.
Nothing happened.
Watch. That's all I can tell you.
Next
Tuesday is
the full year of that. Brandon, where
are you going with this? I'm telling you
all, I saw the economy and things
changing with the economy again. And I'm
telling you, the stiff-neckedness is upon the
land. The Lord told me, "I'm bringing
a humbling to America. There will be a
great shaking to awaken."I told you
about the window. I told you about these
things. There'll be great
shakeouts. I've said these words: great
shakeouts. Great things will come,
things that you all don't realize
because you jump on the bandwagon
of Prophet So-and-So, Prophet
So-and-So—all
these words, all the YouTube
chatter.
But again, I was in prayer and the Lord
showed me a bunch of prophetic
faces, and they were on the heads of
chickens. They had big fluffy hinees
on these chicken butts, and they were
turned up to the sky, and they were
pecking
in
the chicken yard. All the little
chicks
were the body of Christ. But you had
a bunch of prophetic roosters, and they
would look up and they would crow and
they would say the word as they were in
this pen. They were in this big old
pen.
It looked like a metal fence,
but there was hardly any grass on the
ground. They were just pecking on the
ground, digging around, and
scratching. But
every once in a while, I saw the
individual faces of each one of these
prophetic people. The Lord showed me
individuals—certain
people—and
I saw their faces on these
rooster
bodies. Their hinees were
up, and their
feathers were big, white, and fluffy.
They were up in the
air, but their heads were
always down while their butts were
up in the air as they were
pecking
on the ground. Every once
in a while, they would look up and
crow, and
all the chickens around the barnyard
would scatter around.
They
were listening, but the
chickens were just
stirred. Then I saw the
eagles, and I saw the prophetic eagles
that were flying.
They were accelerating up
and up and up. As they were going
up, they were
chirping over the land like a loud eagle
cry. As they did, the chickens were
listening. They were scurrying about
because
they were freaked out about the
eagle up there high. They were
going up higher. As they were
looking at the
eagle, they were only able to see the
sun. As the eagle went into the
sun, the eagle started to disappear. You
could hear his voice still because the
eagle and the sun were becoming one.
As they went higher and higher out
into the prophetic realm, they went to
the sun. As the sun and the eagle
were starting to become one—because as
you tried to look to the eagle to see
what was going on, all you could see was
the
sun—the
sun became blinding
and the eagle disappeared in it because
nothing else mattered other than the
sun.
The chickens were still on the ground
pecking
away, but the eagle went higher
and higher and higher. There was a
difference between hearing the prophetic
voice of the eagle versus the chicken
who was only able to be right there in
the barnyard,
pecking
away at the worms and working things
up with his claws. He's trying to
get the grubs out of the dirt,
trying to feed and eat off
of it. But the eagle was going
higher, and he was looking at the sun so
much so that he disappeared in the
sun. It shook me. And the Lord said, "Be
like the
eagle. Be like the eagle. Lose yourself
in me. And as people go to hear you, you
are so close to me that they're not able to
see you. They're able to see me through
you."They
lose themselves
in the glory of the
sun. It's not about you; it's about me.
He said, "Come up higher. Come up higher
to the throne of
grace."That's
what He's telling y'all. That's
what He's telling
me. Prophesy as an eagle that is
going into the sun. You become blinding
as you look at the sun.
Don't be like the chicken scratching
with his little claws, trying
to get all the dirt up,
having his butt up
there with his head up,
saying
"cock-a-doodle-doo"while
everybody's looking around. But
it's not changing nothing.
They're just scratching around like
other chickens, but everybody's looking at
the rooster because that's who
they're familiar
with.
It's
what's comfortable to you—to look at the
rooster. But God's called you to be
an
eagle that flies high into the sun.
Don't be down-scratching. I've
talked about this a little bit
before, but I've got more of it. I've got
more, and He's showing me more. A
lot of them are in
cages. There
are
still cages all around them, but
God's calling you up higher. God is
calling you up higher. Soar into the sun
and listen to the eagle. Listen
to the eagles. You're going to know
the difference between an eagle and a
chicken, a rooster,
real soon because there's fruit behind
it. There's fruit behind it. It's
going to change. You're going to go
from glory to glory. He's changing you. These
are
the scriptures
that He's giving me for this:
Jeremiah 23. This is what the
Lord of Heaven's Armies says to His
people: 'Do not listen to these prophets
when they prophesy to you, filling you
with futile hopes, for they are making
up everything they say. They do not
speak for the Lord. They keep saying to
those who despise My word,
"Don't worry. The Lord says you will have
peace."And
to those who stubbornly
follow their own desires, they say, "No
harm will come your way."Have any of
these prophets been in the Lord's
presence to hear what He is really
saying? Have even one of them cared
enough to listen? Look, the Lord's anger
burst out like a storm, a whirlwind that
swirls down on the heads of the wicked.
The anger of the Lord will not diminish
until it has finished all He has
planned. In the days to come, you will
understand all this very clearly. I have
not sent those prophets, yet they run
around claiming to speak for Me. I have
given them no message, yet they go on
prophesying. If they had stood before Me
and listened to Me, they would have
spoken My words, and they would have
turned My people away from their evil
ways and
deeds. Am I a God who is only close at
hand?'says
the Lord. 'No, I am far away
at the same time. Can anyone hide from
Me in a secret place? Am I not
everywhere in all the heavens and the
earth?'says
the Lord. 'I have heard these
prophets say, "Listen to the dream I had
from God last night,"and then they
proceed to tell lies in My name. How
long will this go on? If they are
prophets, they are prophets of deceit,
inventing everything they say. By
telling these false dreams, they are
trying to get My people to forget Me,
just as their ancestors did by
worshiping the idols of Baal. Let
these false prophets tell their dreams,
but let My true messengers faithfully
proclaim My every word. There is a
difference between straw and grain. Does
not My word burn like fire?'says the
Lord. 'Is it not like a mighty hammer
that smashes a rock to pieces?
Therefore,'says
the Lord, 'I am against
those prophets who steal messages from
each other and claim they are from
Me.'That
happens a lot. Say that again.
'Therefore,'says
the Lord, 'I am against
these prophets who steal messages from
each other and claim they are from Me.
I am against those
smooth-tongued
prophets who say, "This prophecy is from
the Lord."I am against these false
prophets. Their imaginary dreams are
flagrant
lies that lead My people
into sin. I did not send or appoint
them, and they have no message at all
for My people. I, the Lord, have
spoken.'Suppose
one of the people or one of the
prophets or priests asks you, 'What
prophecy has the Lord burdened you
with?'Now,
you must reply, 'You are the
burden. The Lord says He will abandon
you.'If
any prophet, priest, or anyone
else says, 'I have a prophecy from the
Lord,'I
will punish that person along
with his entire family. You should
keep asking each other, 'What is the
Lord's answer?'or 'What is the Lord's
saying?'But
stop using the phrase
'prophecy
from the Lord,'for people are
using it to give authority to their own
ideas, turning upside down the words of
our God, the living God of Heaven's
Armies.
Okay, that's very strong. But there were
so many different verses in this that
just popped out to me that the Lord was
saying about where we are right
now, about the
chickens. There are a lot of people
that are giving things and telling you
their dreams. They're telling you these
things, but it's not coming from the
Lord; it's coming from them. And
I'm telling you, timing is everything.
Let me go back to the
eclipse. I'm telling y'all, we must pray
for what I've seen about the great
shaking of the
economy. I told you all BlackRock and
these major evil men are going to try to
embarrass Trump. They're going to try to
embarrass
America, as these are things the left,
the far-left, hate. And I'm not
always on the Trump train going, 'Oh
yeah, Trump, Trump, Trump.'I'm on
Jesus's train going, 'Jesus, Jesus,
Jesus.'But
I know God puts people in
position for a reason, for His
purpose. And we prayed this through. So,
I've warned you all about a major
shaking to awaken. And I've seen a major
thing trying to take place
over this week. And everybody is
going to see it, but it's the week of
the eclipse. One year has come
by; six months from the election, there is
a supernatural timeframe going into
Passover. We're getting ready to go into
Passover next week. And
the next week starts at the
beginning of Passover, I believe.
So, we have this prophetic time clock
that is all in front of our face that is
about America. And I saw the
main thing about what's going on with
this tariff. I saw a drain, a massive
drain, turning and
sucking down further. I've warned
you all about the debt
of
all
the credit card debts. There's too much
top-heavy credit card debt with people
not paying their credit cards. I
saw loans on cars and houses
defaulting—major
defaulting
coming. He talked to me about the
used car
market, warning me about a certain
CarMax. I drove by it and I heard,
'CarMax in trouble.'What does that mean?
I don't know. I just keep driving.
I told my brain, I said, 'What? I
heard CarMax in trouble. What is
that?'And
I saw interest rates on car loans
and things with the economy, and I
saw people not going out to eat. I saw
people eating around their tables. I saw
a
great shaking to awaken, bringing the
morals back into the house where people
are like, 'Hey, they can't afford to eat
out.'And
I know I've told you all that
we're praying for a window for the
wealth of the sinner laid up for the
righteous.
But you will have to hear Him like
you're hearing a clock
tick. If you are not dead
still,
you'll not hear it.
But you must listen to the Father for
what is coming. And most people go,
'Brandon, you said all this. You said
that.'Yeah,
I've said a
lot. And every single thing has been
led
by the Spirit of God to pray. I
told you my gift is not prophetic,
y'all. My gift is a watchman telling you
the storm. And I told you I saw a storm
about the crash. I've seen
these things. But I told you that the
big elite men like Bezos
and
Bill Gates and these evil
men—George
Soros, these
people—would
try to embarrass by pulling the curtain
out even
further, making it sink faster and
harder than what it
should. And if we did not step in and
pray, we would see a
1930s-style
event earlier than what
it should
have. I saw a plague coming. I've
seen
all these things coming. I told you that
when these things take
place, we would see the dollar and
the money in the banks be seized.
Remember, I warned you about the seizing of
the money in the banks. And when this
happens, a new digital dollar on
an
American flag that was turned into
a hundred-dollar bill... half of the hundred-dollar bill was
worth fifty cents. And the Lord told
me, 'I saw digital writing going upon this
flag.'You
can watch the video; it's
in the link down below. I saw the
American flag and I saw what was a
hundred-dollar
bill become worth
half. And I saw a debt crisis, a debt
jubilee—all
the debt: housing, car
notes, everything. Everybody was
able to pay their mortgages and
everything happened. And then there was
a new digital dollar that would come
about
eventually. Are we at that place?
I pray we're not because I saw food
lines. I saw grocery stores. I saw
grocery shelves empty. I saw trade wars.
I warned you about trade wars. Listen to what
they're saying in the media. I warned
you of this in
2023. Trade wars were coming between China
and
America. And when this takes place,
there were no medical
supplies—no
medicines, or certain
medicines—because
China was retaliating against
trade wars. That's what I saw. And I
only tell you what I see.
It
doesn't make sense in 2023. And I see
Trump's face leading it. Why? He
wasn't
even president; they were
still
trying to throw him in prison at that
time. But I see it, and I told everybody.
I see trade wars between China and America,
and this is what's coming and it's
going to be very bad. It will escalate
and escalate out of control.
This is big. And
then I saw gold and I saw these things,
and I've warned you all. This is
where I believe the American
eclipse—one
year this week. We'll see. Maybe there
will be nothing; it'll be a nothing. But
I believe that eclipse was for a
reason, and we're going into this week.
Does that mean we're going to have a
major something happen this week? No.
But I'm telling you all to be watchful.
I'm telling you all to be prayed up.
Pray for our president. There
are rats
within. Not everyone who hangs around him is what they
seem.
There's a lot of
people who trust blindly because you are
able to put on a good front and you
have a good act. We trust a lot as the
body of Christ. "Oh yeah, that guy's
saved. He's radically saved. Boy, I'm
telling you, he gave his heart over
there,"and
they're behind the scenes
doing bad things.
We
need to walk in some
discernment in these last days. Be
watchful. Trust no one. Be watchful and
look around you. It's like Billy
Brim
said, you need to know the difference
between the sharks and the dolphins.
There's a lot of sharks out there,
folks. And there's a lot of dolphins,
but they both swim alike and they both
look alike in the water from a distance.
From a distance, but one has a lot
bigger
teeth. It's the truth. And
the world and the body of Christ trust
real easy. Remember I told you all to
watch the celebrities that come in and
say, "I've got Jesus Christ all of a
sudden,"and
they start leading. They try
to lead and they start telling everybody,
"This is the way to go,"because then
they'll start... I saw celebrities that
say they got radically born again and
start YouTube channels and everything
else and then all of a sudden start
leading lots of people, and it was sent
by the devil as a distraction and they
don't even realize it. And
they start saying there's a
universal
gospel, there's more ways to heaven than
Jesus
Christ—all
religions are... you can
make it to heaven anyway other than
Jesus. Remember that. I warned everybody
about this in
2023. So words that I'm getting in 2023
are coming to pass, starting to line up
in
2025. Trade wars,
economy, all this stuff. And I'm like,
"Whoa, God."Look at the eclipse. You had
Great Shake, and you said there was a
big thing from Passover to Passover. I
warned you all: major shifting and
shaking will take place from Passover to
Passover. And I thought, "Man, what's
going on?"Look at all the shifting and
shaking. So, just watch the eclipse. The
eclipse came. Now, we have another cool
sign on the
25th with the two stars and the moon.
They'll look like two eyes and a
moon in the sky on the 25th of April.
I was kind of excited about that. I
thought we were talking about Braden. We
weren't.
I said, "Well, you think that
that's God
smiling with the two planets in the
sky?"I
thought,
"That's God smiling. He's up there
looking down."I said, "What's he
smiling about, though?"Let's just
believe something good is going to
happen because that's God smiling. I
don't know. I try to be optimistic and
be happy. I try to warn you
all. I sound the alarm as loud as I can
without coming across as a Debbie Downer,
like, "Oh no, the sky is
falling."It's
like this one guy
who
goes, "Oh no, it's
going to
zero. Crypto's going to
zero."You
know, I'm like, "No, it's not. I'm
not believing that. I'm believing for
the turnaround. I'm believing for good
things."But
I'm telling you all, we're
in a time like we've never seen before.
And if we don't pull our heads out of
the sand, we're going to miss it. And
when we hear these things, and we
know what the Lord has told us, there'll
be great shakeouts. What does that mean
to you? There'll be
a
great
shakeout.
People will freak out because they
were
bandwagons. I'm not telling you what to
do with your money; I never have. Most
people go, "Well, you're telling us what
to do..."I haven't told you to do nothing.
You do what you feel God's called you to
do. I don't know
nothing. I'm telling you, I'm not a
financial adviser. I'm nothing. I'm
just Braden, and I just pray and I
think it's fun to watch what God is
doing in these last days because I am
staying vertical. I refuse to look
horizontal and go "the sky is falling,
Chicken Little,"because I'm telling you,
if you watch CNN enough or MSNBC,
you're going to
be chasing your tail. People are going
to be freaking out if they're watching
because of all the bad news that is
on there right now trying to smear Trump,
and they will sink this thing on purpose
just to get back at him because they
hate him that much.
Yeah, it didn't help that he's
trying to line up this, but they'll try
to pull the plug. It's like, "Okay, we're
waiting and now
pull."Let's
sink this sucker as fast as we can
and we'll go, "See, we told you it was
the Republicans. Don't vote for them in
the midterms. Let's destroy this
thing."And
if that doesn't work, let's bring out
the
Kraken—and
that's the
virus. Watch. Watch and pray. So, let's
take communion today. Let's believe God
for the good things that He has for us
and that we're listening to Him and
we're smarter than they are.
I don't have any economic background
at all. But I have Jesus. He's
the great economist. And not only does He
know the future, He knows our future and
He knows our past. And He knows our
weaknesses. He knows it all, ladies and
gentlemen. But He's not freaked out
about any of it. He's the one that
stands on the water. He's the one that
parts the seas and causes peace to the storms.
He's the one that goes, "Peace, be
still."He
didn't yell it and freak out.
No.
Jesus said, "Peace, be
still."He
didn't freak out. He wasn't
going, "Oh, no. These waves are way too
big. My angels are not going to be
strong enough to help me with
these."He
wasn't freaking out. He just
looked at the waves. He looked at the
stuff and He said, "Peace, be
still."Why?
Because the
storm wasn't
inside of Him. He had
control of the storm. Many let the storm
inside of them and the storm of what
they see going horizontal. Jesus was
vertical. "I do nothing unless I see
my Father tell me to do it. I
say nothing unless I hear my
Father say to do it."I only say what He
says to say because He was the
master of the sea. He was the master of
the storm. Everything He did, He had
control of the storm around Him, the
people, everything. I'm not moved by the
bullies. I'm not moved by the Pharisees.
I'm not moved by Lazarus being dead. I'm
not moved by the leper. I'm not moved. I
am moved only because I'm filled with
control by the Holy
Ghost. Dead to self. And that's who our
God was. He died, he rose again, and he
is
seated at the right hand of the
Father. It is done, and what is
awesome about it is he is
within
us. Thank
you. I choose to believe he has the
best for me. I choose to believe he has the best
for Diana. He has the best for Braden.
He has the best for
us. And yet we see all these things
around us and you say, 'I thought you
said this. I thought you said
that.'He
did, but he never told you a time frame.
That means just
let it ride. Just let it ride.
Father,
when I looked at the
prophetic word, everybody quotes Kim
Clement a lot and I know he was a
true man of God that heard the Lord.
And he said the Dow at
20,000 when things look at their worst,
then
a sudden
change down at 20,000. I thought, well,
that's a long ways away from where it is
right now. I thought, surely, was he
talking about that? Could it go to
20,000? Kim Clement prophesied it, and I
don't know, but I start
searching inside of my spirit of things
and I said, 'Holy Spirit, show
me,'and
he said, 'Dow at
20,000,'and
he said, 'When things look at
their
worst, then a breakthrough will
come.'I
don't know. 20,000 from right
now, that would be a very bad
day. I don't even know what that would
look like. I don't even know how that would
happen. I mean, from 46,000 to
20,000, there's going to
be a lot of people crying if that
happens. Seriously, that would be a
Great Depression, wouldn't it? I mean, I
don't know
anything
about that kind of stuff. I just
look at old prophetic words. I
thought, 'Did he miss
it?'I
don't know. All of us could.
All of us have. I'm not saying
he gets everything right. I don't
know. But I just think it's interesting
because I pull words up and I go,
'What does this
mean? What was
it about?'I
don't know. But the eclipse
meant something. The Great American
Eclipse meant something. And it was more
than a presidency.
Many people go, 'Well, we got our
president, everything.'No, he was
looking upon the heart. It was like
Jonah. What was going on in Nineveh that
the eclipse took place and the warning
took place for them to change because he
said judgment was
coming? What was God speaking through
the two eclipses going across the New
Madrid
fault? What was he saying? Was it, 'Well,
if you vote Democrat, I'm going to bring
that'? I
don't think it had anything to do with Democrats
and Republicans.
I think what
God's looking at is much deeper than
that. He's looking at the heart of man.
He's looking at the heart of the church.
He's looking at the state of the church.
Where are we as a body? And
people go, 'Well, it has to do with red
versus blue.'It's too shallow,
folks.
Too shallow. What is it that we always
compare about the politicians
in America? 'Well, it's about the
Democrats versus the
Republicans.'I
mean, come on. That's so shallow. It's
much deeper than that. It's bigger than
that.
My goodness, folks. We've got to let
the elevator go to the top.
It's much bigger than that. It's bigger
than
where we are in these last
days. Most people say, 'Well, we didn't
have an earthquake.'Not yet. I've told
you I saw a major earthquake coming on
New Madrid. I've told you these major
things. What makes all
these dominoes fall? I believe
what Donald Trump is doing, honestly, is
getting us ready for the beast system,
and he doesn't even realize he's being
used to do
it. He says he's making
America great again
to go in with a digital
platform to bring in the beast system. It's
what happens. But he's using him to
do it. And most people are going, 'We
love Trump. We love Trump.'And they're
so excited. And I'm like, 'Yeah, I like
him, too. He's a great guy. I pray for
him.'But
I still believe
he's being led to bring forth the
end-time
system regardless of
our
love for Trump. Me too. But I
still believe Elon Musk and all the
things that I've warned you about are
all still in
motion.
I pray for President Trump;
I intercede for him every day.
But most people do not realize how close
we are to what we had to do to get the
domino to fall over, to get the
mechanism to get us into it. And most
people are going, 'Well, this is laying us
down to 2028 and to 2030 and
Jesus,'and
you know, 'it's going to make America
great again in the future for the next
years.'And
Jeremiah 23, remember that. You
need to be careful who you're listening
to. Chickens versus eagles. I'm telling
you all, we've got to come up higher.
Let's just lift up this body.
I ramble too much. Thank you, Lord, for
your body. Thank you, Lord, that you
were bruised for our iniquities and the
chastisement of our peace was upon you
and with your stripes we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, that Easter's
coming, that Passover is coming. And
God, I thank you that you were the great
Passover. That as we take this beautiful
body and this beautiful blood that
represents our Passover, that represents
you did it all for us, that the
death angel and every circumstance
is
passing over because
Jesus paid the price. And as the children
of Israel put the lamb's blood upon the
door and the death angel was not able to
touch them, how much more, Father, that you
do it for us. And we take this body in
the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, that you were wounded for us. You
did it all. And you are awesome for what
you did.
Now Lord, we thank you for the
blood. And we apply the blood of Jesus
over our doorpost, over our house, over
our minds, over our wills, our emotions.
And Jesus, we apply the blood over every
area of our life.
And we make much of the blood and
the blood will make much of us. And we
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over our
homes, our houses, over our
finances, over our marriages. And we
thank you, Lord, that what you did for
us on that
cross—it
was more than what we could
dare ask or think. Thank you, Lord. And
we take this blood right now in the name
of Jesus.
Lord, we enter in by the blood of the
Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We enter into your throne room. We enter
into your throne right now, seated
with you like the eagle. Lord, we don't
want to be a chicken down there
scratching around trying to find
yesterday's worm. We're looking for the
good stuff.
I don't want to be a chicken. I
don't want to be a rooster. I
want to be an
eagle. And I'm going to be an eagle. And
I will
fly like an eagle above all the
storms. And as the storms of life come
in, we go higher above the storm
clouds. And we
don't just stay on the ground and let
the storm eat us up.
Father, I thank you, Lord, because
God, you've called us to be more than
conquerors.
You called us to be more for such a time
as this.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over
our homes, over our marriage, over
our children, over their
schools, over everything they do.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over
our unsaved loved ones, and we call them
in. For you said you were leaving the
ninety-nine
and going after the
one. We thank you Lord for the blood of
Jesus Christ that we apply over our
churches. We apply the blood over our
pastors and over our lay pastors,
Father. We call them strong, Father, in
these
end times, that they would
get great revelation from you to
impart into the body.
Thank you, Father, that you're raising
up new men and women of God to take the
baton, to run the race, and to finish this
race. Father, we're not just barely
getting by, but we are finishing the
race with great
victory—sweatless
victory. I'm believing for sweatless
victory. You said, "Brandon, these are
days of fun coming."Days of fun. What
does that look like? Days of fun to the
Lord is a great harvest. Fun to
me is seeing God
happy. What's on God's heart today? What
makes you happy, Father? Your children,
a great victory, going from victory to
victory, going from glory to
glory. Lord, we worship you. We expect
a miracle. We expect to see
change in our life
and
in our government. And Father, as
we hear about all the things this
week—the
economy, the stock market, all
the shaking to
awaken, the warnings, and
the signs that you've warned us about
and screamed from your very
significance—I
mean the moon and
all the elements to speak to us.
You said you'd give it to us, Father, to
speak to us. Are we
listening?
Signs in the heavens—are we
listening? Help us, God, not to be so
complacent and weary in well-doing and
become so desensitized that we forget
about something that happened a year ago
and say, "Well, it was a year ago; it means
nothing,"because
you are a vast
God that speaks way bigger than even a
year
ago. You're not moved by our little
timetable; you're moved by your
timetable. And you're not going, "Well,
because I didn't do it in that
first hour, that means it was a
flop."No,
you're not moved by our little
time. Even if it was ten years from now,
it wouldn't mean anything to you. But God, I
know you're the God who speaks through
our
moon and our sun. You speak to
us through
eclipses—lunar
and solar
eclipses—and
you show us
those things that are to come,
not through astrology;
astrology is witchcraft. But Father, you
speak to us like you did
Daniel.
Lord, I believe like you did for the
wise men when they followed the star to
Bethlehem. They saw the star because
they knew the King was being
born. They followed the star
because Jesus was in the star. He
was coming as a lamb for the
salvation of us
all. The wise men knew
to follow the star; if it wasn't for
that, they wouldn't have known. But they
were looking for the sign, and there are
signs just like there were with the wise
men. There were signs in the heavens,
and I believe the same God that spoke
through the star to tell the wise men to
come is still speaking today. If we're
listening, you're able to speak to
us. Father, they say
there's sign after sign.
We've already seen a couple years ago the
sign of Bethlehem. They call it the
Bethlehem star.
I believe it was you saying, "I'm coming
again."You
showed up the first time with
the star, and you are going to show
up again the second time with the
star. Are we
listening? Lord, help us to be the ones
who
are not so quick to forget the
signs, even the Bethlehem star that was in
the sky a couple years ago.
Lord, let us remember and be quick to
hear it. The stars were so big
together, Father; it was so bright in
the sky that everyone would see it
worldwide. The whole world saw that
major sign in the heavens. People
are like, "What in the world is
that?"and
it's not going to happen again for a long
time.
Oh God, help us not to forget
those signs.
Lord, I thank
you that you're good and your mercy
endures forever. Father,
you speak to us so loud even in the
skies. We worship you, Father. We thank
you, Lord, for our president and for Vance. We thank
you, Lord, for
the protection over
them—that
no weapon formed against them will
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
them, we condemn
it. A curse without a cause cannot
stand. And we believe, Father, that
we're not under the curse,
but
that we're always in the right place at
the right time, hearing your
voice. Lord, we give you praise,
glory, and honor for the fire of the Holy
Spirit. As we yield to you, Father,
we jump in that river right now in the
name of Jesus
and
let the
Holy Ghost take control. We're
not just in the lazy
river all the time, but Father, we're in
the rapids too—Holy Ghost
rapids, stirring us up right now in the
name of Jesus, filled and controlled by
the Holy Ghost. We thank you, Lord,
that there are good days ahead for the
body of Christ as we stay in sync with
you. But, Father, I know what you said: there
is
correction coming in the church. There
going to be a correction in the
body. And Father, what more to get their
attention than their
pocketbook?
You touch people's wallets
and they start to say, "Oh, you got my attention."Lord, it's pathetic it has to come to that sometimes, but whatever it takes. Father, I want to be an eagle and I want to soar with you. You've got my
attention.
My
pocketbook is your
pocketbook. I thank you,
Father.
You're the glory and the
lifter of my head. We are not moved
by what we see or what
we feel about this next week or the week
after.
We're moved by what you said
and
what you've told us we'd
do,
and we carry the greater
works. Lord, we lift up your name. We
praise you, God. Like you said, you
are our healer. We call for deliverance
and
the restoration of all
things. Glory to God!
Hallelujah.
We stir
ourselves
up. We go deeper in the
wells—the
great rivers of
living water that flow out of the inside
of us. We call forth that river
to flow on a
greater level, to go up higher.
We dance.
You lead, we follow.
Your agenda, not ours.
Oh
man,
I see South Korea.
I see it on the border of North Korea
and South Korea. I see
an
explosion and fire. I see
almost like what you'd see when it
says
TNT across it, and I see the fire coming
out of it.
It's like a bomb went off on the border
of South Korea and North Korea,
on the far west side.
Not all
the way out into the ocean, but right
there. I see some kind of disturbance
there.
It
surely
is a
disturbance. They
are
trying to break out war there.
I now see
China
provoking. It is like a
provocation
with North
Korea, and China backing North Korea. It
is
what I've seen again, with Kim
Jong-un being backed by China and Russia,
bringing forth this alliance with
the
BRICS
there. There I go again,
South
Korea.
Why would North
Korea want a war with South
Korea? What is that all about?
It
is
about China.
I see China trying to rise up like a
great
dragon in the days
ahead. You'll see
movement in the days ahead. Now, I'm not
saying when. I see
a movement: China coming
up like out of a
volcano.
I see a red dragon coming up out of
a
volcano; it is a fierce dragon. I see fire
coming from the dragon's
mouth, and it's flaming toward
South Korea.
Now I see Japan again.
They
are
being promised a lot. North
Korea and Kim Jong-un are being
promised
a lot, and it makes them
confident. There are secret meetings.
You
will
see
it; it's like what I see about North
Korea, China, and Russia becoming
one. I see
Iran and an alliance of these
countries, almost
like they are thinking
as
one, like a
covenant. I
was
looking
at
Venezuela, and I see Venezuela being
promised things. Now I'm in Cuba,
and I see Cuba being promised things.
I see alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and
the countries that have been
outcasts,
like
Afghanistan.
There
are
minerals
in
Afghanistan—something
of
value
there. I see Taiwan.
South Korea and
Taiwan are allies of
America, but China
wants
them.
What's interesting is what
I'm hearing: people only look at what
they see in the current year.
They don't believe what
we believe about the Bible
or
the end
times. They're looking at 50-year
and
10-year
projections.
What will we be in the next
several
decades? How do we get this
land?
Like a united
communism over South Korea, causing
war. I saw an explosion on the
border, and I saw
South Korea unable to
retaliate. China was
backing up North Korea,
coming to their aid. It
was
a
joint
effort
to make
themselves
greater, similar to Trump
mentioning
Greenland
or
Canada becoming one with
America. These are land
grabs.
They
are
looking
forward
to
what the new world would be, not the
way the world is right now. Russia
wants
the old Soviet
Union—Ukraine
and
Poland—wanting
that old land back to
form
a new, stronger Soviet
Union with the old KGB
thinking, playing this game
like
chess,
all lining up with the
NWO
system. These people are
led by their own
egos, trying to make their nations
great
because the tariffs
are
tipping them
off.
I saw people moving strategically.
Cuba
is
lining up with Russia.
I see it
coming—bringing
them out of
that. There would be a base down
there, so strong and close to
America. That's very
dangerous. I see
it like it was with Greenland,
a strategic move like the game Risk,
with the spirit of war. It is the Red
Horse. I
saw
the Red Horse
when I looked at my wife's face;
it
was riding
quickly. The Red Horse of war is riding
quickly. Therefore,
on the heels of this
horse, the green
horse—the
chlorophyll horse—and the black horse
will ride hand in hand
together, for famine and pestilence will
go hand in hand.
War, war, war.
Everything is going to change.
I say it again:
I don't know if I'm looking into the
Tribulation or not.
I went so far ahead;
surely that's
the
Tribulation.
Oh, the great Mystery
Babylon.
I see a massive volcano going off
in
Asia; it
looks like it could be Japan or those
islands right
there.
It
is a massive
volcano, big
enough
to change the
face of the earth.
I see
lava flowing down the side of this
mountain. I
think I'm looking into the
Tribulation.
Now I'll tell you
what
I'm looking at: Canada.
Then it went from Canada all
the way to the royals in England. I
saw
King Charles.
Then it
barely influenced Australia.
Canada, England,
and
Australia with the King of
England.
Now I'm in
Ireland.
It's like a scorpion.
Father, I thank
you.
I don't even know how to
describe it with words;
my vocabulary is not
sufficient.
It's past the
Tribulation; I saw past the Tribulation
with a New Heaven and a New Earth.
Some things you just can't say
out
loud. I can't
even give it words in English.
It looks like
beautiful yellows and all
kinds of
colors, almost like a
galaxy.
I saw new
grass and new land
features. I saw the people coming out of what
looked
like
a
fraidy
hole. The people come up
in this new
land, and it was green,
like the Garden of Eden all over
again. Everything was
alive. The trees
were
like what I've
seen of the Garden of
Eden. Everything was
new. There
was
no
pollution;
all of it was brand
new and happened in a moment.
It came out of the
Spirit and transformed everything
with
just a word.
He said, 'Behold, I make all
things
new.'The
fields were fresh,
and
the sky was full of light
with
no darkness.
The canopy
above the earth—the
atmosphere—looked
like beautiful
colors. I saw pinks and
yellows.
Everything changed
instantaneously.
I was looking in, and
it was moving like a movie
screen. Everything was coming so fast.
I could see wars
and
plans, and all of a
sudden, humanity
stopped. Everything
was made
new. We,
the
Body—the
Bride—were
here. Everything was fresh,
like a New Heaven and a New Earth.
Everything we have ever
known is about to
change for that thousand-year reign. I saw a
glimpse of it
again.
It
doesn't
happen very often, but I
want to camp there.
When I try to describe it in words, I can't. It
is
beautiful.
I feel His fire all over me.
Oh, what He has so much in store for
us for a thousand
years. People better get excited about
it.
I can't explain to you how green
everything
was. The grass, the trees, and the
bushes—there
was no
death. There was no death. You
know how you see a dead limb here and
there? Outside, you go outside
and
there's a dead tree limb. There was no
death. There
were
no dead brown leaves. Everything
is alive and
green. The sky is
alive. The very atmosphere is
alive. And even the grass was
perfect. It was green, but it's thick,
almost like you see that old Easter
basket grass. I don't know
how else to describe it to you.
Like you'd see
moss on
trees, it's so thick,
like you could breathe it in, eat
it, or drink it like the
grass. Everything is so alive.
I could just look into it, but I was
pulled
back and I looked over here
and I could see it. As far as I
could see, it was
new and beautiful
with
pinks and yellows, and the sky was so
alive.
It happened as a swirl above the
atmosphere, like a portal
opened up. All of a sudden this
portal was turning, and all of a sudden all
this newness
just came out of it and
it just transferred
everything. The portal was
open
and I could see it was
like the size of a galaxy. It was
massive. All of a sudden I saw this
blue dot that looked like an Earth.
It came out of it, and I thought it
was an atom—like an
atom
or
particles. That's what I thought I was
looking at. But it was something
new. As I was praying to the King and
all these other
things, I could see a scorpion's
tail; I saw a scorpion. It was a part of
that. All of a sudden, I kept going
and going, like I was going
faster and faster. I could see the
King of England, and I could see
there was so much demonic attached to
that with the Illuminati and things
like that. I was in the spirit and I
could see it, and it was pulling me.
I could see all the darkness in Europe.
All of a sudden,
I could see the agendas of
China and all this stuff going on, and
the war. I saw a major war
break out in
America.
I pray and hope this is
not now; this is the
tribulation. I'm talking about
a
desolate,
bad
war
from coast to coast. I
saw Hawaii wiped
out. Bad war. I saw volcanoes that
were bigger in Hawaii going off all at
the same
time. Hell on
earth all around, dead fish.
It looked so
scary. Then all of a sudden,
everything changed. It was like
peace.
It came out of great turmoil,
the Great Tribulation. I'm surely
not looking into it right
now. Glory to God,
y'all. I was not expecting that today.
I know I try to explain the best I
can what the Holy Spirit is
showing
me, but some of it I just can't say
with words.
I do my
best, but I assure you
some things are just so holy you
don't want to talk about
them.
You just say, 'Wow,
Lord.'I
know it may not make a whole lot
of sense, some of the things I just
said. You might ask, 'What is
wrong with
you?'because
I see
it. The scorpion was stinging
out. Glory to God. Thank you,
Lord. Thank you,
Father.
All I know is that You're coming
soon.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we come up
higher with the fire. We come out of
Your throne, we come into the
throne. Glory to
God. Well,
praise the
Lord. He's worthy to be
praised. I feel the anointing so strong
on my face and my body right now;
the weight of the glory is on me.
Oh,
what He does to this
little prayer channel.
I'm in awe
of
Him on a public platform.
He brings our own personal things
in
public.
Glory to God.
Oh Lord, You're
worthy. I can't
wait. It's going to be so
awesome.
It's coming so soon. Most people
look at it as being far out there, but
when I was looking then, it
looked
like it could be tomorrow—like the
tribulation. I saw the rider and the
horse of war, the pale horse, and
the
dark black horse riding. They were
back to back with each other, all
three. The tribulation was
getting ready to kick
off. Glory to God. War, war, war.
It's nuts.
I was still trying to look at
China and all that, and that dragon
came up out of that volcano. I saw a
massive
volcano going off in, I believe it was
Japan.
It was a massive volcano, and
lava was going down it
like
Pompeii.
That lava
was coming out of that thing,
causing great
destruction. Well, praise the Lord,
y'all. Thank you for joining me.
He saw Yosemite. Yeah,
Yosemite.
I heard Yosemite, but I didn't
see it. I heard it. He was praying
over Yosemite National Park. I
could hear something and there was
rumbling, and he said, 'Yosemite.'I
thought,
'What?'Then I
remembered
more. I pray because when I'm hearing in
the spirit and trying to decipher
what I'm hearing, I realize that's
America,
California. Yosemite
has
waterfalls.
I didn't know where it was. There
are
mountains there; I think it's the Sierra
Mountains.
I think I looked it up while you were
praying. Well, if I lived next to
Yosemite,
I'd really pray hard for what I
just saw. Oh
goodness. None of that is this.
That's why I said, 'Is this
tribulation?'But
we have time. Boy, if you
get Jesus Christ to be your
Lord and personal Savior and you
surrender to Him
today, you don't have to go
through the tribulation. It's not meant for
us. Again, the body was not
here. We are not
appointed under wrath, ladies and
gentlemen; we're appointed under grace.
I'm telling you, as the Body of
Christ, it's time to rise up because our
redemption is drawn nigh. I don't
want to be here for that, for
another glimpse
into it—the elements,
the earthquakes, the volcanoes,
the pestilence, the plague,
the war, the antichrist.
I mean, folks, it's awful.
People ask, 'Will people live through
it?'No,
it's beyond the
elements, the pestilence,
and
the wars. It will
be very hard to live through the
tribulation. People are just going to
die; they're going to be dead all over
the place. It's absolute hell on
earth for seven years.
So many in the Body of Christ
believe that we go through
that. How foolish.
God is not a wife beater. He
does not beat His bride.
People look at Him and say,
'Well, we're going to go through that because
of
whatever they think they find in
the scripture.'I'm
telling you that we
are not here for the
tribulation—the
remnant, the people, His
bride, the ones that have their lamps
full of
oil. God has His hand on us and He's
going to take us out of this. They
say, 'Where is that in
the Word?'It's
all through the
Word. But I'm not here to argue with you
about it. I stay ready.
Glory to God. Well, I pray this
video blessed you all today. It blessed
me. I
will take that in my
memory bank for the rest of my life. If
the Lord tarries and I don't see the
rapture, I believe we're about to
see something.
Well, we pray it. Like I said, this
video blesses you. I don't even know
how to end it other than just tell you
all we love you. Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. Thank you for entering into
our prayer time with us. We appreciate
you praying with us. We pray you got
refreshed and that the Holy Spirit
becomes more real to you as you walk out
your relationship with Him. From glory
to glory, He's changing you.
Remember that
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you all and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.